[3/1/2022]
A. Weekly Accomplishments:
Shelby has been comtinually working on graphics for the website, as well as basic website documentation and visual prototypes charachter mascots. Started writing pseudocode for CSS stylesheet.
Seth has been continuing to establish and set up a basic skeleton as well as polishing the text-to-speech function for front-end and doing som more invesigations into the Speech-to-text APIs as well as begining development and research into back-end development. 

B. Problems/Issues:
Shelby is struggling to alter and render character mascots, while having some design frustrations and color palette balancing isssues for characters, struggling with design elements within CSS.
Seth struggled with a number of troubleshooting and bug fixes regarding the text-to-speech element, as well as determing and finding an appropriate and working Speech-to-text api that will work within our schools domain.

C. Next Week's Planned Work:
Shelby is planned to continue to work on graphics for the website as well potentially producing a finished pseudocode sheet for CSS designs.
Seth is planning on finishing up speech-to-text functionality, polishing off final functionality for text-to-speech as starting work and research of the back-end development.


[2/22/2022]
A. Weekly Accomplishments:
Shelby has been working on graphics for the website, as well as basic website documentation and visual prototypes for elements on the website. Researching HTML and CSS to work on the skeleton as well. [13 Hours]
Seth has been setting up the skeleton of the website for front-end and doing som more invesigations into the Speech-to-text API

B. Problems/Issues:
We both struggled getting in the groove and starting communications regarding the website, both independently working. Missed the first and second weekly reports. Struggling with balancing work in other classes.

C. Next Week's Planned Work:
Shelby is planned to continue to work on graphics for the website as well as researching, will start working on aesthetics for the website.
Seth is planning on finishing up the skeleton and starting work and research of the back-end development.
